QUESTION #1:
When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

ANSWER:
    To share my work and collaborate with other people.
    To have an offsite backup of my project files.

QUESTION #2:
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

ANSWER:
    Because there may be changes made in my local repository that I do not want to commit to my remote repository.

QUESTION #3:
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

ANSWER:
    CLONE
    A clone is an exact copy of a repository. It can be done from a remote repository 
    or a local repository located in a different location on your computer.

    BRANCH
    A different version of a repository within the repository. You would use it
    when you want to experiment with new features without breaking the master version.

    FORK
    A copy of a repository on GitHub. It differs from a clone in that you can
    set it as a remote repository and make changes to it without affecting 
    the original repository. You would use when you want to make changes to a
    repository that you don't have write permissions or if you want to have a
    separate version of the repository while still giving credit to the original
    content creator.
    

QUESTION #4:
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

ANSWER:
    It is an offsite backup.

QUESTION #5:
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

ANSWER:
    I could use a file sharing service such as Dropbox or Google Drive. 
    It would be easier to make changes because it would take less steps to make
    and share the changes.

    However it would be harder to track, compare, and rollback changes using these 
    mainstream file sharing solutions.

QUESTION #6:
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

ANSWER:
    Fill in your answer here

